database/models/MovieActor.java
 database.models.MovieActor
database/models/Genre.java
 database.models.Genre
database/dao/MovieGenreDao.java
 database.dao.MovieGenreDao
database/singleton/DatabaseStatement.java
 database.singleton.DatabaseStatement
database/dao/MovieActorsDao.java
 database.dao.MovieActorsDao
database/models/MovieDirector.java
 database.models.MovieDirector
database/singleton/ErrorMessage.java
 database.singleton.ErrorMessage
database/singleton/DatabaseConnection.java
 database.singleton.DatabaseConnection
database/models/Actor.java
 database.models.Actor
database/dao/Dao.java
 database.dao.Dao
database/models/Director.java
 database.models.Director
database/models/MovieGenre.java
 database.models.MovieGenre
database/DatabaseRunner.java
 database.DatabaseRunner
database/dao/instances/ActorActivity.java
 database.dao.instances.ActorActivity
database/dao/ActorDao.java
 database.dao.ActorDao
database/dao/MovieDirectorDao.java
 database.dao.MovieDirectorDao
database/dao/DirectorsDao.java
 database.dao.DirectorsDao
database/dao/GenreDao.java
 database.dao.GenreDao
database/dao/MovieDirectors.java
 database.dao.MovieDirectors
database/models/Movie.java
 database.models.Movie
MainClass.java
 MainClass
dataset/DataSetParser.java
 dataset.DataSetParser
database/dataset_statistics/DatasetStatistics.java
 database.dataset_statistics.DatasetStatistics
database/dao/MovieDao.java
 database.dao.MovieDao
